the: 144162 times appeared in documents
of: 73735 times appeared in documents
to: 72943 times appeared in documents
in: 54995 times appeared in documents
and: 54703 times appeared in documents
said: 53201 times appeared in documents
a: 50842 times appeared in documents
for: 26934 times appeared in documents
mln: 26781 times appeared in documents
it: 22649 times appeared in documents
dlrs: 21433 times appeared in documents
on: 19207 times appeared in documents
pct: 18067 times appeared in documents
reuter: 17159 times appeared in documents
is: 16914 times appeared in documents
that: 15532 times appeared in documents
from: 15319 times appeared in documents
by: 15098 times appeared in documents
its: 15027 times appeared in documents
vs: 14970 times appeared in documents
will: 14870 times appeared in documents
be: 14759 times appeared in documents
at: 14550 times appeared in documents
with: 13735 times appeared in documents
was: 11956 times appeared in documents
billion: 10696 times appeared in documents
year: 10659 times appeared in documents
he: 10648 times appeared in documents
has: 10199 times appeared in documents
as: 9623 times appeared in documents
an: 9562 times appeared in documents
company: 9516 times appeared in documents
cts: 9318 times appeared in documents
would: 9207 times appeared in documents
U: 8875 times appeared in documents
not: 8300 times appeared in documents
which: 7574 times appeared in documents
but: 7194 times appeared in documents
are: 7069 times appeared in documents
this: 6849 times appeared in documents
have: 6772 times appeared in documents
Inc: 6608 times appeared in documents
were: 6285 times appeared in documents
Corp: 5941 times appeared in documents
last: 5886 times appeared in documents
market: 5803 times appeared in documents
had: 5699 times appeared in documents
loss: 5627 times appeared in documents
or: 5490 times appeared in documents
1986: 5476 times appeared in documents
new: 5431 times appeared in documents
shares: 5230 times appeared in documents
up: 5200 times appeared in documents
stock: 5193 times appeared in documents
also: 5185 times appeared in documents
about: 5127 times appeared in documents
they: 5063 times appeared in documents
one: 5039 times appeared in documents
share: 4708 times appeared in documents
been: 4517 times appeared in documents
two: 4434 times appeared in documents
net: 4432 times appeared in documents
bank: 4230 times appeared in documents
trade: 4158 times appeared in documents
debt: 4006 times appeared in documents
Co: 3975 times appeared in documents
more: 3964 times appeared in documents
government: 3825 times appeared in documents
oil: 3802 times appeared in documents
Bank: 3746 times appeared in documents
after: 3655 times appeared in documents
April: 3594 times appeared in documents
than: 3425 times appeared in documents
first: 3406 times appeared in documents
other: 3343 times appeared in documents
1987: 3335 times appeared in documents
prices: 3334 times appeared in documents
over: 3331 times appeared in documents
Net: 3286 times appeared in documents
profit: 3270 times appeared in documents
dlr: 3259 times appeared in documents
March: 3247 times appeared in documents
sales: 3207 times appeared in documents
per: 3200 times appeared in documents
banks: 3149 times appeared in documents
price: 3141 times appeared in documents
their: 3088 times appeared in documents
no: 3085 times appeared in documents
we: 3011 times appeared in documents
rate: 2945 times appeared in documents
some: 2941 times appeared in documents
interest: 2940 times appeared in documents
told: 2915 times appeared in documents
if: 2880 times appeared in documents
week: 2834 times appeared in documents
tonnes: 2821 times appeared in documents
could: 2810 times appeared in documents
qtr: 2795 times appeared in documents
Ltd: 2781 times appeared in documents
three: 2773 times appeared in documents
